Add on_executing_* hook to extensions (#1400)
strawberry-graphql/strawberry: docs/guides/custom-extensions.md

        print('GraphQL parsing end')
```

### Execution

`on_executing_start` and `on_executing_end` can be used to run code on the execution step of
the GraphQL execution. Both methods can be implemented asynchronously.

```python
from strawberry.extensions import Extension

class MyExtension(Extension):
    def on_executing_start(self):
        print('GraphQL execution start')

    def on_executing_end(self):
        print('GraphQL execution end')
```

#### Examples:

<details>
  <summary>In memory cached execution</summary>

```python
import strawberry
from strawberry.extensions import Extension

> # Use an actual cache in production so that this doesn't grow unbounded
> response_cache = dict()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Use an actual cache in production so that this doesn't grow unbounded
response_cache = {}
```

> # Helper function to hash query variables for the cache key
> def hash_map(input_map: Optional[Dict[str, Any]]):
>     if input_map is None:
>         return ""
>     return ":".join(map(lambda x: str(hash(x)), list(input_map.items())))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Helper function to hash query variables for the cache key
def hash_map(input_map: Optional[Dict[str, object]]) -> str:
    if input_map is None:
        return ""
    return ":".join(map(lambda x: str(hash(x)), input_map.items()))
```
